Run!
Why don't you run away
Hmm see
See adults
adult
What's the matter
Someone from the Empress Dowager's palace
Said it was urgent
Please come over
Got it.
Staring at her secretly
The whereabouts found
timely notification
Yes
Greetings to the mother
Get up.
Queen Xie
Since I took Qin Guiren again before the month of beating the girl
You haven't visited my house these days
But do you have any complaints about the family?
Child dare not
I know you don't like that Qin Guiren
But you've been married for so many days
I haven't even been to her bedroom
What is that like?
You have been on the throne since then
Never mind the harem
But you are the emperor
It's time to plan for the royal family
mother
My eldest son can only be born by my queen
Hope for the Queen
Don't force me anymore
The back seat has been vacant for a long time
You won't marry again
Where did the queen come from?